vmui: fix step update on input blur in Firefox/Safari (#6034)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: do not drop `match[]` filter at [`/api/v1/series`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples/#apiv1series) if `-search.ignoreExtraFiltersAtLabelsAPI` command-line flag is set, since missing `match[]` filter breaks `/api/v1/series` requests.
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): properly parse TLS key and CA files for [InfluxDB](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/#migrating-data-from-influxdb-1x) and [OpenTSDB](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/#migrating-data-from-opentsdb) migration modes.
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix VictoriaLogs UI query handling to correctly apply `_time` filter across all queries. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5920).

> * BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix issue where `step` was not applied after input blur in Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix issue where `step` parameter wasn't updated after moving the focus outside the `step` input field in Firefox.
```
